award count endpoint (#2569)
fedspendingtransparency/usaspending-api: usaspending_api/api_contracts/contracts/v2/disaster/award/count.md

## Filter (object)
+ `def_codes` (required, array[DEFC], fixed-type)
+ `award_type_codes` (optional, array[AwardTypeCodes], fixed-type)

>     When Award Type Codes are provided, results are only counted if the awards are linked between Financial Account by Awards and Awards (aka C-D Linkage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When Award Type Codes are provided, results are only counted if the awards are linked between Financial Account by Awards and Awards (File C to File D linkage).
```
